# Online OH Queue
Themed based on University of Washington Introductory Programming Class Series.

## Link To Website
https://nicmatt-15.github.io/Online-OH-Queue/

## URGENT
MONITOR NOTIFICATION FOR STUDENT WHEN TA IS DECIDING TO HELP THEM

## Note
1. Background pictures used in this website is generated by AI.
2. When testing the functionality of
both staff and student side, make sure
to not open them in the same browser. If you want to use the same browser, make sure to open one of them in incognito mode.

## FrontEnd Feature to Implement Next
1. **[DONE]** Password textbox show
2. **[DONE]** Signup page and its js
3. **[DONE]** Updated table for stats page
4. **[DONE]** Updated student join office hour question
5. **[DONE]** TAs stat page (similar except with helping button)
6. **[DONE]** Toggle between sign-in and sign-up front page
7. **[DONE]** Add email verification
8. **[DONE]** Implement a checkbox for staff log-in
9. **[DONE]** Add pop-up if the response from the backend says that the user already exist (for sign-up), user not found (sign-in), incorrect password (sign-in).
10. **[DONE]** Implement queue refresh
11. **[DONE]** Add notification to student when a TA decides to take their request / help them.
12. **[DONE]** Implement staff login page with shift hour
13. **[DONE]** Display utc time as part of the website header
14. Implement a way to keep user logged in the same session when they are opening the same page from multiple tabs of the same browser.
15. Add notification enable/disable prompt in the beginning of the page.
16. Delete staff from available shift once time is up
17. Updating queue number to negative once staff finishes helping



## For Future
1. Implement time remaining left for TA available time
2. Add logout feature
3. For sign-up, password re-enter and checking
4. For sign-in, forgot password option
5. Student and TA Survey
6. For stats page, add question mark next to the table header
to give extra info of what they mean
7. TA have button to request the student to be more elaborate on the questions that they have
8. Add password verfication
9. Add error handling when server is down
10. Consider splitting the status page into
two different websites (one for staff, one for student)
11. Add a cancel feature
12. Add OTP
13. **[DONE]** Add time conversion from database time to local time
14. Verify text limit before inserting into database
15. Implement logout feature
16. Implement how many people are ahead of me
17. Implement system to avoid people from queueing more than once when they are still
in the active queue.
18. Implement how many people are in the queue
for staff side
19. Confirm Staff shift duration before fully logging in
20. Implement TA name and additional info (like zoom link) when student get alert they are now being helped.

## Bug to Fix
1. **[FIXED]** Image size causing page to be scroll-able even though not intended
2. **[FIXED]** Update Profile Icon SVG to follow username and to show alternative icon when not logged in
3. **[FIXED]** Update Dark and Light Mode Positioning
4. **[FIXED]** Actually implement dark and light mode
5. **[FIXED]** Fix frontend since we are changing the information related to sign-in

## For Backend
1. **[DONE]** Make sure to verify first whether the email has existed in the database or not before confirming sign-up is successful.
2. **[DONE]** Update front-end preventing continuing
to stats page for signup and failed sign-in.
